the stock market is rising and you're
feeling good so you go to the restaurant
and find the menu items have increased
as well no big deal still making profit
then you go to the grocery store and
your favorite products have risen no
worries still making some profit and The
Story Goes On so what exactly is the end
result you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to look at rental prices are you
in Toronto are you in Vancouver then you
have seen rental prices
increase but it's not just particular
cities we are seeing this globally I
will show you examples right now of some
of the Cities which have experienced
increases in rental prices and I'm not
talking about a small percentage here
that would go gradually with inflation
no not at all we are seeing a dramatic
spike in this occurring now this
wouldn't be so bad if wages were keeping
up but need I remind some individuals
out there that it's not even close not
even close so let's go through this
quickly and I say that every single time
done over a thousand videos I made that
promise probably about 800 times that
I'll make a quick video it never happens
but let's try it anyway Toronto rental
prices jump 30 % 30% in 6 months that is
just ridiculous 30% in 6 months when
people they just can't keep up with that
it's just not possible but that's the
way it's going now why are people
renting so much well quite frankly for
those who can't afford buying a home
they're getting into rentals there are
obviously different reasons for this but
let's just focus on that one
fact some people can't afford a down
payment they have to rent maybe it's
temporarily there's job situations
there's all types of reasons but a lot
of the people simply can't afford a down
payment that's what's going on here but
when the prices of the rental market are
skyrocketing they tend to decide look if
I have to put this much money in to
rentals I might as well just buy a home
and there are of course the alternative
mortgage lenders which are giving people
who don't have down payment money the
ability to buy a home and then of course
you get the subprime type um crisis that
we encountered not too long ago that's
actually happening again today rents
forecast to rise faster than house
prices during the next 5 years where is
this this is out of the UK this time
moving on we're looking at rent prices
in Dublin rising at the fastest rate on
record okay these are all new uh pieces
of information relatively new
residential rental prices rise in Berlin
despite a rent cap so that's one other
example going to
Europe rent prices on the rise in Rhode
Island this right here just one one
small example of how many I found
Orlando home prices and rents on the
rise both of them are rising it's not as
if just rents or just the uh purchasing
of the home that's Rising no no no it's
both and it's not just real estate it is
essentially everything on the rise right
now except for Wages that's what I find
so interesting and these were just a f a
bunch of examples that I had
found and you just look at the overall
this is from the St Louis fed consumer
price index for all Urban consumers rent
of primary residence okay so when you
look at this over the years it has
increased obviously there's no doubt
about that and you'll notice that other
than this little tiny
blip the prices have been rising
steadily year after year after year and
this is using their fake CPI index
these are the most fake numbers we can
find but even still this has increased
far beyond
Wages that's what's so critical to
understand is that you simply cannot
afford it at some point so what exactly
is the end result if people can't afford
to buy and then suddenly they can't
afford to rent what do they do
well here is the
solution all
inclusive co- living might be hard to
read this font here but I'll just
quickly go over it all-inclusive co-
living what does that mean well
essentially you're living in a
dormitory where you would share
facilities between other strangers so
perhaps you live there you have your own
bedroom not in all cases in fact um some
of them have shared bedrooms
and you would then share Services share
share the bathroom share the kitchen
share other things and you would
obviously pay a very
low rate compared to what somebody
living in a one-bedroom condominium
would be paying this is where it's going
it's not just
Manhattan this is in fact happening all
over the world now in all inclusive cold
living now I would think if you're into
that I think this is totally fine why
not save money why not you know a lot of
people they're working themselves to the
Bone 60 hours and 80 hours and
everything else per week they get home
they basically go right to bed so
essentially they're just looking for a
place to sleep every night so for these
people I think it's it's fine I think
that that this is great but if you are
doing this simply because you can't
afford it then then we have a problem we
have a big
problem and this is where I see it all
going and then I want to sort of just
switch gears for a moment here as we
move on I have a bunch of different
points that I want to make uh for these
next articles
here this right here is talking about
popup shops a lot of retail locations
are no longer able to uh stay open so
they're shutting the doors down I just
did a video about this recently and
essentially what's happening is you're
leaving a lot of retail space empty so
in those places you'll find popup shops
and a lot of those landlords don't
really want to get into into this at
least previously because it it's really
you know you want a longer lease as a
landlord you don't want this quick
little pop-up shops to happen but now
apparently according to the stats it's
showing that in fact the landlords are
simply having to go to this direction
because they can't get
full-time um Leasing and so a little bit
of income is better than no income and
this is all from partially I should say
what has happened with the shift towards
online but I do believe that there is a
let's You Know cover quickly a few
points the fact that the government
supports certain companies the
government supports certain industries
and as a result we see a chasm in
between those with wealth and those
without those that hold real assets and
those who do not and you see a big gap
in between the rich and the poor
and you will find The Disappearing of
the middle class you're seeing companies
being completely eradicated and other
companies even within that same sector
doing very well and of course this is
just what happens certain companies are
more profitable and then they get better
deals and this and that that's the way
it is with competition but unfortunately
the government has uh reached over the
boundaries and they have decided to
subsidize certain things that causes
this uh big divide and you'll see that
you'll see that very clearly and this
has caused a very big problem where you
would traditionally see um certain
aspects of the economy doing well or
poorly in a recession or in a booming
time and now everything's all mixed up
so that's what of just wanted to make
this point of that which interconnects
with the previous video that I did which
uh many people had some issues with
this right here is just basically
talking about people are not going out
for lunch as much this is basically what
is talking about that restaurants are
really suffering under uh you know the
lunch
menus I think there's a lot to this and
I just wanted to mention the fact that
things are changing over time that's all
that's all I wanted to point out let me
move on quickly average revenue per
employee by sector the only reason I
mentioned this is that we have a big big
difference in companies and a lot of
what we're seeing is when the sectors
are
subsidized and this is one of the
biggest energy gets a big big subsidy
from the government and I do believe
that's very
important you won't find that in a lot
of other Industries the amount that
energy gets I I do believe that's
something that's critical Healthcare is
also Al another big one but clearly
you'll see uh you know everything is
sort of in this direction here and then
you'll find there's a big big jump that
occurs with energy and there's a lot to
that but let's just keep it there let me
move on quickly here oil
prices
so A Lot H have a lot of what we have
seen excuse me over the recent past is
that they're claiming that oil has risen
from its bottom and that is absolutely
true but they make the point right here
in this chart is that yes it's risen but
it's nowhere near where it was just a
little few years ago
now time really flies oil prices are not
up they are just aren't down as much as
they were a year ago and this is the
kind of thing that we need to realize
with all charts you need to really look
at it yes on the short term but also
zoom out and really take a look at where
these prices were a little while ago I
mean you're looking at over $100 a
barrel and then dropping down
significantly well while it has come up
it's still down from where it was you
look at these fake numbers with the
inventory and everything else how how
was it at $100 a barrel and then all of
a sudden in a very short I mean just
look at this look at this drop down the
first drop could that possibly be due to
an inventory glut are you telling me in
this short period of
time in this short period of time
essentially this
area that they decided that there was an
inventory glut all of a sudden no it's
not possible this is all because of what
happens with all these financial
instruments the Traders and the computer
algorithms and they wanted the prices to
come down there are many reasons for
this perhaps what's going on with Saudi
Arabia and everything else with the US
and Russia all interconnected I've done
videos about that before and then I just
wanted to mention this I think this is
really interesting the fall in the value
of the Venezuelan
boulevar and what's what I want to note
here is what they say right here that
this is the Y axis inverted so look at
that in a different way than what I've
shown you before and people believe that
they'll be able to get out of the
disaster if they have to they'll be able
to sell their stocks and this and that
when it happens it happens too quickly
if you're not already prepared when the
stuff hits the fan you will not be able
to get out that's just the way it is
that's how it's happened in every crash
that we have seen you think that the
government will be there to back stop it
or you'll be able to get your uh stop
orders put in place it doesn't work like
that it doesn't really doesn't work like
that and then you know every time I read
something like this
I I'm upset I I'm sad I just a mixed
emotions none of which are positive and
this right here is that they're going to
release genetically engineered moth
and you know when I see this type
of when I see this type of news it just
really upsets me because now they've
gone beyond the
crops which that's bad
enough they were going in the laboratory
and they're trying to genetically modify
everything they're they're creating
freaks literal freaks when they're
putting jelly fish jeans into cats and
all these other things to try and create
these literally freak animals then they
decided to genetically
modify salmon approved it for sale you
know that if you eat salmon today you
very well could be eating salmon that
literally has a sixpack abs like it's
it's ridiculous it's disgusting from
what they've done they genetically
modified the mosquitoes released them
into the wild just so happens everywhere
they release them that's where zika is I
don't know how it all works I'm not a
scientist I just I've just noted that
wherever there zika that's where the
genetically engineered mosquitoes are
every single
time and then now moths I mean what can
they stop this can they really stop it
no because when they allow this to
happen it spreads and it spreads and it
spreads and they don't know the
consequences they don't care about the
consequences it's all about making money
trying to purposely create a
crisis so that we become self servient
that's the whole thing what if these
moths wipe out entire crops entire crops
let's say there was no more corn
tomorrow what would happen I mean
obviously we would have mass chaos
because so many people rely on that
you're talking about Job suffering but
of course you'll have these biotech
companies which come out that say our
seed is resistant to all of the dangers
that have happened don't worry buy our
crops plant them you'll do just fine oh
wait it's going to be 10 times the price
you know how it works if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs
up I think I did pretty good not too
long so if you found this video
informative I know you will find my book
The Money GPS and my new release global
economic collapse even more informative
if you want to look through the books
just go over to Amazon they have a look
inside feature that allows you to flip
through these books to see if you like
them if you want to get the audio book
for the new release global economic
collapse that's on my website the money
gps.com and I'm also on steemit many
people have asked when are you getting
on steemit when are you get on steemit I
am on steemit I put all of these videos
onto steemit and I
also have some you know content that's
not available on YouTube also that I've
been putting on there so check me out on
Steam for those who don't know what
steam it is essentially it is a way for
individuals to be putting up their work
onto a social media platform and
actually get rewarded you get rewarded
in uh digital currency which then you
can convert to bitcoin and all that
stuff so it's pretty cool it's an
interesting concept it's new um a lot
of uh other individuals who do this kind
of uh YouTube U work they are also on
there as well so I'm basically uh
getting on the bandwagon many people
have asked me please please get on
steemit they're seem to be transitioning
off of YouTube onto steam in so I
thought it was interesting so check me
out on there of course at the money GPS
yes link is in the description take care